Create opcua-1023-0-1-resolved-class-cast-exception-during-address-space-scan.md (#4119)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/opcua-1023-0-1-resolved-class-cast-exception-during-address-space-scan.md

---
date: ""

> title: Resolved ClassCastException during address space scan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Resolved ClassCastException during OPC UA device gateway address space scan
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-Tf05_KQ-B
    label: OPC UA
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-MLn0oFRX-
    label: opcua
ticket: DM-5160
version: 1023.0.1
---

> Addressed an issue where scanning the address space on certain OPC-UA servers caused a ClassCastException when reading the root node data. Upgraded the core OPC-UA library to a version that resolves this problem.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously, scanning the device gateway address space on certain OPC UA servers caused a ClassCastException when reading the root node data. The issue has been resolved by upgrading the core OPC UA library to a higher version.
```
